Add instructions on setting up test database (#546)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/localPostgresSetup.md

relational databases in a Serverless context. You should also append this parameter to your production
`DATABASE_URL` when configuring your deployments.

> You should also setup a test database similarly by adding `TEST_DATABASE_URL` to your `.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Local Test DB
You should also set up a test database similarly by adding `TEST_DATABASE_URL` to your `.env` file.
```
